i001 is a second `install task' that sort of continues i002.  You would record
notes for this task using the subject (first) line:
   RPT: i002 time
where time is replaced by a numeric value less than or equal to 30 and
corresponding to the amount of practice time (in minutes) you spent 
since the last such commit on the task i001.  The body of the message will 
tell how far you have gotten with the task so far and what problems, 
if any, you are having completing the task.  Note that these commits 
are not direct communications with the prof, but instead notes in your
practice report which probably won't be read until the practice report is 
marked.

i001 got Ruby installed and got you talking to BitBucket.  In this task
you need to install two other programs: gem and bundler.  These are the
programs that help you retrieve the various Ruby libraries that we will
use for software development.  Basically bundler is the program you need
and at least one of the instruction paths for installing bundler involves
using gem.  For most people, this should be a short task, but if it isn't
for you on your machine, best to figure it out now as you will need these
to do the Ruby tasks.

You can find instructions for installing the gem command at
                https://rubygems.org/
You can find instructions for installing bundler at:
                http://bundler.io/

You are expected to make notes as you practice and not to wait til the
end and then produce notes from memory.  In line with this view of 
proper practice behavior, if the local clock time on the practice time note
shows less time has passed between two notes than the time on the second
note indicates, the excess time will be ignored and it will be marked as
poor recording practice.

As with i001, note that time can only be recorded on this task for the
first week of practice.  If you don't complete it during the first
three hours, then the extra time you need is from your free time and
is not counted as practice time.  Furthermore, in order to get credit
for this time, you have to successfully upload your git log and
materials into the course repository by the due date for the first
practice.

Note you are allowed to ask for help in completing this task as with any
other task.  You will need to balance the need to put in 3 hours of practice
time a week against the notion that if you are not making any progress, then
you aren't learning.  And, of course, if you don't get i001 completed by the
first due date, you loose a subtantial part of your practice mark.
