i001 is the `install task'.  In order to record practice properly, you need
to have git running.  In order to record practice on this task, you will 
need to commit messages whose first line is:
    RPT: i001 time
where time is replaced by a numeric value less than or equal to 30 and
corresponding to the amount of practice time (in minutes) you spent 
since the last such commit on the task i001.  The body of the message will 
tell how far you have gotten with the task so far and what problems, 
if any, you are having completing the task.  Note that these commits 
are not direct communications with the prof, but instead notes in your
practice report which probably won't be read until the practice report is 
marked.

While installing git isn't included in this task, installing Ruby and 
configuring BitBucket so that you can download the material I have placed
in your git repository for the class is included as items that can be
recorded and time spent on will be counted toward the maximum practice 
time of three hours a week.

You are expected to make notes as you practice and not to wait til the
end and then produce notes from memory.  In line with this view of 
proper practice behavior, if the local clock time on the practice time note
shows less time has passed between two notes than the time on the second
note indicates, the excess time will be ignored and it will be marked as
poor recording practice.

Note that time can only be recorded on this task for the first week of
practice.  If you don't complete it during the first three hours, then
the extra time you need is from your free time and is not counted as
practice time.  Furthermore, in order to get credit for this time, you
have to successfully upload your git log and materials into the course
repository by the due date for the first practice.

Note you are allowed to ask for help in completing this task as with any
other task.  You will need to balance the need to put in 3 hours of practice
time a week against the notion that if you are not making any progress, then
you aren't learning.  And, of course, if you don't get i001 completed by the
first due date, you loose a subtantial part of your practice mark.
